The main of the project contains Scanner to take user input, Three product objects are created, The program enters the details:ID,name,Address,number of products, for loop to know the number of items the user wants to add(smartphone,T-shirt,OOP), A switch statement check the choices 1,2,3 is added to the cart using the 'cart.addProduct'Any other value of choice leads to an "Unavailable option".and the main also containing Calculating total cart price method, and display the order information at the end.
class product contains private productId,name,price (private) to ensure it can only be accessed directly within the Product class. and a constructor to take 3 arguments. and includes getters and setters methods
class ElectronicProduct. ElectronicProduct is a subclass of Product contains private (brand,warrantyPeriod). and a constructor to take 5 arguments. super(productId, name, price): This calls the constructor of the parent class (Product).  and includes getters and setters methods
class ClothingProduct. ClothingProduct is a subclass of Product contains private (size,fabric). and a constructor to take 5 arguments. super(productId, name, price): This calls the constructor of the parent class (Product).  and includes getters and setters methods
class BookProduct. ClothingProduct is a subclass of Product contains private (author,publisher). and a constructor to take 5 arguments. super(productId, name, price): This calls the constructor of the parent class (Product).  and includes getters and setters methods
class Custumer contains private(ID,name,Address) Customer(int customerId, String name, String address): This is the constructor for the Customer class  It takes three arguments contains setter and getters methods.
class Cart contains (int customerId,int nProducts,int element,Product[] products). and a constructor for the Cart class It takes two arguments, Getter and Setter Methods. method addProduct to add a new product to cart. method removeProduct to remove a product. method calculatePrice it returns the total price of all products in the cart as a float. placeOrder method Creates a new Order object customerID and array product and the total price calculated using calculatePrice, calls the printOrderInfo method.
class Order contains private(customerId,orderId,Product[] products,totalPrice) and a constructor for the Order class. It takes four arguments. contains Getter and Setter Methods . and printOrderInfo method prints a summary of the order information
Bonus GUI class for a simple e-commerce system contains Combo Box:This allows users to select a product from a list.Text Fields: Users can enter their ID, name and address, and contains Product Selection: Users choose products from the combo box."Add Product". "Print Order Info" creates a summary of the order. Price Calculation: to calculate the total price of the product.
